# TODO

## Phase 1

1. [x] Be able to create a user account
2. [x] Be able to login
3. [x] Be able to edit a profile
4. [x] Be able to logout
5. [x] Be able to soft delete a user
6. [x] Be able to get the user by id, name and email
7. [x] Be able to get the a refresh token
8. [x] Be able to verify email
9. [ ] Design the UserDTO
10. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Register"
11. [x] Design the test design specification for "Get User by Id"
12. [x] Design the test design specification for "Get User by Username"
13. [x] Design the test design specification for "Get User by Email"
14. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Get Refresh Token"
15. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Verify Email"
16. [x] Design the test design specification for "Soft Delete User"
17. [x] Design the test design specification for "Edit User Email"
18. [x] Design the test design specification for "Edit User Password"
19. [x] Design the test design specification for "Edit User Fields"
20. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Login"
21. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Logout"
22. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Register"
23. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Get User by Id"
24. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Get User by Username"
25. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Get User by Email"
26. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Get Refresh Token"
27. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Verify Email"
28. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Soft Delete User"
29. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Edit User Email"
30. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Edit User Password"
31. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Edit User Fields"
32. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Login"
33. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Logout"
34. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Register"
35. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Get User by Id"
36. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Get User by Username"
37. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Get User by Email"
38. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Get Refresh Token"
39. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Verify Email"
40. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Soft Delete User"
41. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Edit User Email"
42. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Edit User Password"
43. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Edit User Fields"
44. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Login"
45. [ ] Codify the test case outline for "Logout"

## Phase 2

1. [ ] Design the novel model
2. [ ] Design the chapter model
3. [ ] Design the chapter-novel relationship
4. [ ] Design the novel-user relationship
5. [ ] Design the novel controller
6. [ ] Design the chapter controller
7. [ ] Design the novel service
8. [ ] Design the chapter service
9. [ ] Design the novel repository
10. [ ] Design the chapter repository
11. [ ] Check if there are api's to fetch the novels and chapters
12. [ ] Be able to get the novel by id
13. [ ] Be able to get the chapters by novel id
14. [ ] Be able to bookmark a novel
15. [ ] Be able to get the bookmarked novels by user id
16. [ ] Be able to assign a current chapter to a bookmarked novel
17. [ ] Be able to get the current chapter by bookmarked novel id
18. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Get bookmarkedNovels by User Id"
19. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Get currentChapter by BookmarkedNovel Id"
20. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Assign currentChapter to BookmarkedNovel"
21. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Bookmark a Novel"
22. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Get chapters by Novel Id"
23. [ ] Design the test design specification for "Get novel by Id"
24. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Get bookmarkedNovels by User Id"
25. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Get novel by Id"
26. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Get currentChapter by BookmarkedNovel Id"
27. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Assign currentChapter to BookmarkedNovel"
28. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Bookmark a Novel"
29. [ ] Design the test case outline for "Get chapters by Novel Id"
